---
id: migrate-10_x-to-11_x
title: 10.x to 11.x
sidebar_position: 2
description: How to migrate plugins from Grafana version 10.x to 11.x
keywords:
  - grafana
  - plugins
  - plugin
  - upgrading
  - updating
  - migration
---

import MigrateToReactRouterV6 from '../../shared/\_migrate-to-react-router-v6.mdx';

# Migrate plugins from Grafana version 10.x to 11.x

Follow these instructions to migrate plugins from Grafana version 10.x to 11.x

## Accessibility update for IconButton component in grafana-ui

We updated the component's TypeScript interface due to an accessibility issue. This change was delivered to the core `grafana` repo with [PR 69699](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/69699).

In case you are using the IconButton component in your plugin you will get TypeScript errors related to the change.

**Recommended actions:**

- Review use cases of IconButton in your plugin.
- Add a meaningful tooltip which the component will also use as an aria-label.
- Another option is to set an aria-label. In this case a tooltip will not be shown.

**Please note:**
The IconButton used to have a property called `ariaLabel` which got deprecated with this change. You can now use the regular property `aria-label` instead.

## The vector type has been removed

In 10.0, DataFrame vectors were replaced with simple arrays. See https://grafana.com/developers/plugin-tools/migration-guides/update-from-grafana-versions/migrate-9_x-to-10_x#data-frame-field-values-are-now-just-arrays In 11.x, the vector type
has been removed. Plugins that access data using get/set will continue to work, however plugins
that explicitly implement Vector will no longer work in grafana 11. Update your plugin to use
arrays and the code will run in both 10 and 11+.

<MigrateToReactRouterV6 />
